ChatGPT
You said:
Hide border top and bottom in AEM 
<hideBorder TopBottom

ctheme

jcr:primaryType="nt:unstructured"

sling:resourceType "granite/ui/components/coral/foundation/form/checkbox"

fieldDescription"When checked will hide border top and bottom"

name="./hideBorderTopBottom"

text-"Hide border top and bottom"

uncheckedValues" (Boolean) false"

value="(Boolean)true"/>
&.accordion no-border {

96+

97+

98.

border-top: попе

Arlast-child (

99++

border-bottom: non
e;

100+

101.
data-aria-label-"$(accordion arlalabelExpandCollapse)"

sly data-sly test hideflorderTopBottom"$(accordion hideßurder Topbottom true accordion no-border

accoralium-item

isopen"$(item.defaultOpen || (wcomode.edit || wommode.preview))"

Lo-accordion-SitesList. Index)"

Lo-accordion-StitemList Index)"

class="hideborder TopButton)

section data-sly-element="$(accordion
I need to do document for this 
Need points like 
1.improbed user experience 
2.accessibility
3.business requirement alignment 
4.flexibility for authors
5.co sistency across components 
And 
For css points need 
1.added updated classes 
2.state handling 
3.accesiblity styles
ChatGPT said:
Got it 👍 You want to prepare documentation points for your AEM change (hide top & bottom border for Accordion component), including functional/business points and CSS points. Here’s a clean draft you can use:

📑 Documentation – Hide Border Top & Bottom for Accordion Component
Functional / Business Justification
Improved User Experience

Provides a cleaner design option by removing unnecessary borders, especially in scenarios where multiple accordions are stacked together.

Reduces visual clutter, improving readability.

Accessibility

Ensures border removal does not interfere with focus states or screen reader experience.

Maintains WCAG 2.2 AA compliance by handling visual focus and spacing correctly.

Business Requirement Alignment

Meets design specifications requested by business stakeholders for a modern, minimal UI.

Provides brand consistency with digital style guides.

Flexibility for Authors

Authors can enable/disable top and bottom borders through a simple dialog checkbox (hideBorderTopBottom) without code changes.

Allows use of a single Accordion component for multiple layout requirements.

Consistency Across Components

Implements border handling in line with other components that offer border visibility options.

Establishes reusable styling patterns across the site.

CSS / Technical Implementation Points
Added / Updated Classes

Introduced accordion--no-border (or similar) class applied when hideBorderTopBottom is checked.

Updated SCSS/CSS rules to apply conditional border removal.

.accordion--no-border {
  border-top: none;
}
.accordion--no-border:last-child {
  border-bottom: none;
}
State Handling

Conditional data-sly-test ensures class is only applied when author selects the checkbox.

Does not impact default accordion behavior when the option is not selected.

Accessibility Styles

Borders removed without affecting focus outlines or hover states.

Retains padding and spacing so that visual grouping remains clear even without borders.

👉 This way, your doc shows why the change was made (business + UX) and how it was implemented (CSS + state handling).

Do you want me to also draft this in a confluence-style format (with headings + tables) so you can directly paste into your project docs?

You said:
Uploaded image
Uploaded image
Uploaded image
I need functional requirements pointsbin 30 lines and 
Authoring requirement points in 40 lines 
ChatGPT said:
Perfect 👍 Thanks for sharing the screenshots of your Credit Card Component V1 documentation.
I’ll help you frame Functional Requirements (30 points) and Authoring Requirements (40 points) clearly, in the same structured style as your existing Confluence doc.

📌 Functional Requirements (30 Points)
The component must display Credit Card product information in multiple variations.

Supported variations include: Summary, Compare Tile, Compare Banner, Compare Add, Product, and Recommended.

The component should dynamically fetch card data from the associated Card Experience Fragment (XF).

Headline and tagline content should be retrieved from the Card XF but also allow overrides.

Component must support responsive design (desktop, tablet, mobile).

Variations must render with different layouts based on the style type selected.

Summary variation must display the headline, tagline, APR section, and benefit highlights.

Compare variation should support side-by-side comparison of multiple cards.

Product variation must highlight card features such as rewards and offers.

Recommended variation must clearly show card eligibility/relevance based on XF input.

Component must support Unity Simple Image for card images.

Component must support Unity Standalone Link for linking card details or external URLs.

Multiple benefit highlights must be supported dynamically from XF.

Icons and text in benefit highlights must remain visually aligned without breaking lines.

Apply Now button must be available in relevant variations, linking to XF fields.

Variations must support rounded corners and drop shadows as per style guide.

APR block must appear consistently below the image for summary variation.

Sticky CTA (Call to Action) should be available in variations where defined.

Component must support WCAG 2.2 AA accessibility compliance.

Authors must have flexibility to turn on/off certain fields depending on variation.

Component must inherit brand styling rules (colors, typography, spacing).

Component should allow dynamic updates from XF without manual re-authoring.

Component must handle missing XF data gracefully (no broken UI).

If headline or tagline override is blank, fallback must be XF value.

Card comparison must display consistent layout across multiple selected cards.

Mobile version must stack content appropriately without data loss.

Variation-specific notes (like “APR placement” or “compare add button”) must be respected.

Must support internationalization for text content.

Must handle multiple instances of the component on the same page.

Must ensure consistent performance and not impact page load time significantly
