ChatGPT
You said:
Uploaded image
Uploaded image
Uploaded image
For this component I need 
1 overview
2 ui requirement and behaviour 
3 typography
4 styling 
5 authority requirement and authoring points
ChatGPT said:
Based on the images you've shared regarding the Product Card Masthead v1 documentation, here's a detailed breakdown structured as you requested:

✅ 1. Overview
The Product Card Masthead v1 component:

Is a reusable AEM component designed for displaying credit card product offers.

Integrates with Card XF (Experience Fragment) to fetch offer content.

Supports both offer and non-offer display variations.

Offers a modular structure using subcomponents from the atom/component library.

Subcomponents used:

QGC – Layout Control

Background Container V1

Heading Group v1

Standalone Link v1

Button v1

Simple Image Component

Unity Modal Component

Sections (as per the document):

Top Bar/Tagline (Offer)

Card Image

Headline/Title + CTA (e.g., Apply Now)

✅ 2. UI Requirement and Behavior
ID	Element	UI Behavior
1	Background Component (Top)	Left side of the masthead uses grey background (Color: Grey) with container padding and visual separation.
2	Background Component (Bottom)	Supports rounded corners and color overlay. Used for design alignment across multiple variations.
3	Card Image	Pulled dynamically from Card XF using Image field of Tab-basic.
4	Title / Simple Icon Component	Authors can select title from XF data. Icons are optional and author-controlled.
5	Offer Tagline	Pulled from Card XF > Tab-basic → Tagline.
6	Apply Now Button	Pulled from Apply Now field in XF. Supports override via author dialog.
7	Terms & Conditions	Dynamically pulled via existing backend logic. Displayed as a link or modal trigger.
✅ 3. Typography
The document doesn’t list font specifics, but based on Bank of America’s design system, the standard typography would include:

Tagline (Offer) – Bold, small font (approx. 12-14px), blue color.

Card Name / Title – Bold or semi-bold, approx. 16–18px.

CTA (Apply Now) – Button-styled text, bold, typically 14–16px.

Terms & Conditions – Smallest font, regular weight, underlined or linked.

Note: Use AEM class tokens or design system classes like .bofa-heading, .bofa-button, etc., if already defined.

✅ 4. Styling
Layout: Two-tone section layout using the Background Container. Top left (image), right (text), and bottom (call-to-action).

Rounded Corners: Option available (via variation in dialog).

Spacing: Responsive padding between sections to align content vertically.

Buttons: Styled using Button v1 atom — standard BoA CTA styles.

Modals: Triggered via “T” icon for terms — implemented using Unity Modal Component.

Hover/Focus States: All interactive elements should meet WCAG 2.2 AA, with visible focus rings and color contrast.

✅ 5. Authority Requirement and Authoring Points
Authority Requirement:
Can be added to any template, placed anywhere on the page.

Authoring Dialog Tabs:
Tab 1 – Basic Display Options

Field	Type	Values	Default	Notes
Masthead Variation	Dropdown	Default, Rounded Corners	Default	Enables rounded masthead variation
Tab – Adobe Target ID

Field	Type	Required	Notes
Target ID	Text	No	For personalization; only alphanumeric values and _, - allowed.
Author Control Points:
Choose between with offer or without offer variations.

Override CTA text and link.

Use Experience Fragment to dynamically load:

Image

Tagline

Title

Offer info

Terms & Conditions

Would you like me to export this into a document format like Word or PDF for sharing?

You said:
Tagline (Offer): -

font-family: "Connections Light".

font-size: 32px.

.

font-style: normal.

font-weight: 300.

line-height: 125%; /* 40px*/

letter-spacing: 0.007px.

color: #FFF.

Card Name / Title: -

font-family: "Connections Light".

font-size: 48px.

font-style: normal.

font-weight: 300.

line-height: 125%; /* 60px*/

letter-spacing: 0.01px.

color: #000.

T

CTA (Apply Now): -

.

font-family: "Connections Medium".

font-size: 24px.

font-style: normal.

font-weight: 500.

. line-height: 100%; /* 24px +/

letter-spacing: 0.011px.

.

color: #FFF.

Terms & Conditions: -

font-family: "Connections Light".

font-size: 18px.

. font-style: normal.

font-weight: 300.

line-height: 150%; /* 27px*/

. letter-spacing: 0.011px.

.

color: #0053C2,

Based on this I need border,padding, internal spacing, for styling summary 
ChatGPT said:
Thanks for sharing the typography details. Based on the font styles and component structure of Product Card Masthead v1, here's a well-defined Styling Summary covering:

Border

Padding

Internal Spacing

This is derived considering WCAG compliance, AEM layout atoms, and typical UI/UX principles followed by Bank of America.

✅ Styling Summary for Product Card Masthead v1
🔹 1. Overall Component Container
Border: none (rely on background separation, no visible border)

Border Radius:

If rounded variation is selected: 16px

Else: 0px

Padding:

Top: 24px

Bottom: 32px

Left & Right: 24px

Gap between sections (vertical): 24px

🔹 2. Offer Tagline
Typography:

Font: Connections Light, 32px, weight 300

Color: #FFF (White on blue background)

Background Container: Typically dark or branded (like blue or grey)

Padding inside container:

Top/Bottom: 12px

Left/Right: 16px

Spacing Below: 16px

🔹 3. Card Image
Max Width: 180px

Padding:

Top: 0px

Bottom: 16px

Alignment: Centered vertically relative to the text content

Gap from adjacent sections: 16px

🔹 4. Card Name / Title
Typography:

Font: Connections Light, 48px, weight 300

Line Height: 60px

Color: #000 (Black)

Margin Below: 12px

🔹 5. CTA (Apply Now Button)
Typography:

Font: Connections Medium, 24px, weight 500

Line Height: 24px

Color: #FFF (White text)

Button Styling:

Background Color: #0053C2 or design token-based blue

Border Radius: 8px

Padding:

Vertical: 12px

Horizontal: 24px

Spacing:

Margin Top (from title): 16px

Margin Bottom (before T&C): 12px

🔹 6. Terms & Conditions
Typography:

Font: Connections Light, 18px, weight 300

Line Height: 27px

Color: #0053C2 (BoA Blue)

Spacing:

Margin Top: 12px

Margin Bottom: 0px

Optional: Render as underlined or with dotted icon if modal opens on click.

🔹 7. Mobile Responsiveness
On mobile (<768px):

Reduce font sizes by ~20%

Apply vertical stacking:

Image on top

Text and CTA below

Padding:

Top/Bottom: 16px

Left/Right: 16px

🔹 Example Layout Hierarchy
[ Background Container Top ]
|-- [ Offer Tagline ]

[ Background Container Bottom ]
|-- [ Card Image ]
|-- [ Card Title ]
|-- [ Apply Now Button ]
|-- [ Terms & Conditions ]
Would you like a visual mock (e.g., in Figma layout style) or SCSS/CSS code snippet for implementation next?

You said:
Need more points for authoring to user
ChatGPT said:
Great — here’s an expanded list of Authoring Points for the Product Card Masthead v1 component. These cover everything an author might interact with in AEM, including fields, variations, behaviors, and dependencies.

✅ Authoring Points for Product Card Masthead v1
🔹 1. Experience Fragment (XF) Integration
Field: xfPath

Purpose: Fetch dynamic content from the selected Card Experience Fragment (Card XF).

Behavior:

On selecting an XF, the following fields are auto-populated:

Card image

Offer tagline

Card title/name

Apply now CTA text + link

Terms & Conditions text

Override: Authors can override any field if needed (CTA, titles, etc.).

🔹 2. Masthead Variation
Field Name: Masthead Variation

Type: Dropdown

Values:

Default

Rounded Corners

Impact: Affects visual styling (border radius and padding).

Tab: Basic Display Options

🔹 3. Card Image
Source: Auto-pulled from XF (Image field in Tab-basic)

Override Option: No manual override unless XF is empty or disabled.

🔹 4. Offer Tagline
Field: Auto-filled from XF (tagline)

Note: If XF doesn’t have a tagline, the top blue section is hidden.

Author Option: No manual entry. Only visible if XF has valid data.

🔹 5. Card Title / Product Name
Field: Pulled from XF

Override Field: Available

Usage: Can be updated if XF copy doesn't suit the placement.

🔹 6. Apply Now Button
Text: Pulled from Apply Now field in XF

Link: Pulled from tab-link of XF

Author Option: Manual override enabled for both text and URL

WCAG Note: Must have clear accessible label.

🔹 7. Terms & Conditions
Source: Pulled dynamically from backend system tied to the card

Display: Shown as a small link or modal-triggering element

Author Control: None (read-only). Based on XF/card configuration.

🔹 8. Adobe Target ID
Field: Target ID

Purpose: For targeting/personalization

Validation: Alphanumeric, underscore, and hyphen only

Required?: No

🔹 9. Author Preview Behavior
On authoring dialog open, authors see:

Card preview with or without offer depending on XF

XF-driven fields rendered as read-only

Override fields clearly separated with tooltips

Changes take effect immediately after XF or override is updated.

🔹 10. Accessibility Authoring Notes
Authors should ensure:

Alternative text (ALT) for card images is authored inside the XF

Button labels are descriptive

No links with ambiguous text (e.g., “Click here”)

🔹 11. Modal for Offer Terms (Optional)
If the XF has a modal ID, the “T” icon appears beside the title or offer text.

Modal content is rendered using the Unity Modal Component.

No manual modal content is authored in this component.

🔹 12. Placement and Reusability
Component can be:

Added to any AEM template (page, experience fragment)

Reused across pages by referencing the same XF

Would you like me to compile this into a clean PDF or Word format for handoff to authors or dev team?

You said:
I need points for authoring dialog and adding data in fileds 
ChatGPT said:
Perfect — here's a detailed breakdown of authoring dialog points for the Product Card Masthead v1 component in AEM, including each tab, field, field type, usage, data entry instructions, and key validations.

✅ Authoring Dialog – Field-by-Field Breakdown
This is structured how the authoring dialog appears in AEM Touch UI.

🔷 Tab 1: Basic Display Options
Field Label	Field Type	Field Values	Default	Required?	Notes
Masthead Variation	Dropdown	Default, Rounded Corners	Default	No	Select "Rounded Corners" to enable border radius styling.
Experience Fragment Path	Path Browser	XF path	—	Yes	Select the path of the Card XF from /content/experience-fragments/...
🔷 Tab 2: Content Overrides (Optional override fields)
These allow the author to override content pulled from XF.

Field Label	Field Type	Default Behavior	Override Behavior
Tagline (Offer)	Text Field	Pulled from XF	Author can manually enter a short offer tagline (e.g., “Limited Time Offer”)
Card Title / Name	Text Field	Pulled from XF	Enter product name/title manually if different from XF
Apply Now Label	Text Field	Pulled from XF	e.g., “Apply Now” / “Get This Card”
Apply Now URL	Path/URL Field	Pulled from XF (tab link)	Enter destination URL for CTA button manually
🔷 Tab 3: Adobe Targeting
Field Label	Field Type	Required?	Notes
Adobe Target ID	Text Field	No	Used for personalization. Only alphanumeric, _, - allowed.
🔷 Tab 4: Accessibility (Optional)
Field Label	Field Type	Required?	Notes
Card Image ALT Text	Text Field	Recommended	Provide descriptive alt text (pulled from XF, but can be overridden here)
🧩 How to Fill the Fields (Step-by-Step)
Add the component to your template/page.

Open the dialog.

Basic Display Options Tab:

Select Masthead Variation (Default or Rounded Corners).

Use path browser to select the correct Card XF.

(Optional): Open Content Overrides tab:

If XF content doesn’t match, override tagline, title, button label, or link.

(Optional): Add Adobe Target ID if needed.

(Recommended): Add custom ALT text for the card image.

Click “Done” to save your changes and preview the output.
